Reorg a few Cluster How-tos (#898)
temporalio/documentation: blog/2021-02-19-temporal-transparency-update-10.md

Instead of poorly explaining our progress with docs, I'll defer to resident expert and information architect Cully:

> > There have been many contributions to [Temporal's documentation](https://docs.temporal.io) over the last couple of months. Highlights include Server information and SDK guides. In regards to the Server, while we have refreshed some of the existing information, we have also published new information on [security](/docs/server/security), [versions and dependencies](/docs/server/versions-and-dependencies), [Elasticsearch setup](/docs/cluster/how-to-quickly-install-the-temporal-cluster-using-docker-compose), and [Server options](/docs/server/options). In regards to SDKs, thanks to [Anton Titov](https://github.com/wolfy-j), there is now a brand new set of [PHP SDK guides](/docs/php/introduction) for PHP developers. The Temporal Product Team appreciates all of the contributions the community has made and we look forward to bringing you even more content over the next several months.

Reviewer: is this link update for Elasticsearch correct?

> > There have been many contributions to [Temporal's documentation](https://docs.temporal.io) over the last couple of months. Highlights include Server information and SDK guides. In regards to the Server, while we have refreshed some of the existing information, we have also published new information on [security](/docs/server/security), [versions and dependencies](/docs/server/versions-and-dependencies), [Elasticsearch setup](/docs/cluster/how-to-quickly-install-the-temporal-cluster-using-docker-compose), and [Server options](/docs/server/options). In regards to SDKs, thanks to [Anton Titov](https://github.com/wolfy-j), there is now a brand new set of [PHP SDK guides](/docs/php/introduction) for PHP developers. The Temporal Product Team appreciates all of the contributions the community has made and we look forward to bringing you even more content over the next several months.

Author: ```suggestion
> There have been many contributions to [Temporal's documentation](https://docs.temporal.io) over the last couple of months. Highlights include Server information and SDK guides. In regards to the Server, while we have refreshed some of the existing information, we have also published new information on [security](/docs/server/security), [versions and dependencies](/docs/server/versions-and-dependencies), [Elasticsearch setup](/docs/cluster/how-to-integrate-elasticsearch-into-a-temporal-cluster), and [Server options](/docs/server/options). In regards to SDKs, thanks to [Anton Titov](https://github.com/wolfy-j), there is now a brand new set of [PHP SDK guides](/docs/php/introduction) for PHP developers. The Temporal Product Team appreciates all of the contributions the community has made and we look forward to bringing you even more content over the next several months.
```
